---
title: "Painting: Twins"
header:
  image: /assets/images/content/headers/twins.png
  teaser: "/assets/images/content/teaser/t_twins.png"
categories:
  - Painting
tags:
  - sigmana
  - phirem
  - process
  - sketches
  - lineart
  - composition
gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/gallery/thetwins3.png
    image_path: /assets/images/gallery/thetwins3.png
    title: Twins
gallery2:
  - url: /assets/images/content/feb2017/floating.png
    image_path: /assets/images/content/feb2017/floating.png
    title: Floating head
  - url: /assets/images/content/feb2017/sketch_t.png
    image_path: /assets/images/content/feb2017/sketch_t.png
    title: Original sketches (sort of)
  - url: /assets/images/content/feb2017/sketch_t2.png
    image_path: /assets/images/content/feb2017/sketch_t2.png
    title: Pretty bad
---

Again, this is Sigmana and Phirem (the twins). I've drawn them a lot, but the next pictures planned have nothing to do with them.

{% include gallery %}

I worked on this throughout December, and finished it in the beginning of January. It wasn't a difficult piece; originally I was going to make it lineart, but after seeing how my painting looked without the lines, I decided to make it look realistic. I particularly like how Sigmana's face turned out. 

Since they are both artificially created, they aren't supposed to look organic, though Phirem has quite an expressive personality. Sigmana is the prototype, or the 'not as good as it could be' type, so it's going to look expressionless (Sigmana is well aware of its existence, however).

Their skin colour is a sickly blue, with some signs of 'life' around their eyes (pink). 

## Phirem

I struggled a lot with making Phirem's face. I looked at references of mischevous children and fortunately, that helped. Still, to get a certain emotion out of its face was a challenge, and I am pleased with the result. Here are some sketches of what the twins looked like before. When I have difficulty, I will sketch many, many times until I get it right, or I do a study in which I practice a reference. This way, I am learning how to apply it to my own piece, as well as learning how to draw [a certain thing].

{% include gallery id="gallery2" %}



 




